Review containerized installation docs (#4845)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_system-requirements.adoc

Follow these system requirements when installing {ProductName}:

* Install {ProductName} on a freshly provisioned system that serves no other function except to run {ProductName}.
ifdef::containerized[]
Do not use an existing system because `{foremanctl}` affects the configuration of several components.
endif::[]
ifndef::containerized[]

> Do not use an existing system because `{foreman-installer}` affects the configuration of several components.

Reviewer: Perhaps a crazy thought, but should we set the `foreman-installer` attribute to `DO NOT USE` in `attributes-containerized-*.adoc`? Or even something that will fail the build.

Author: I see what you mean. Will consider it.

Tracked in [SAT-45563](https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/SAT-45563)

Follow these system requirements when installing {ProductName}:

* Install {ProductName} on a freshly provisioned system that serves no other function except to run {ProductName}.

> Do not use an existing system because the {Project} installation affects the configuration of several components.

Reviewer 2: Tech wise, I would not rephrase this as it is in fact `foreman-installer` that configures the host. Maybe

```suggestion
ifdef::foremanctl[]
Do not use an existing system because `{foremanctl-installer}` affects the configuration of several components.
endif::[]
ifndef::foremanctl[]
Do not use an existing system because `{foreman-installer}` affects the configuration of several components.
endif::[]
```
